# Configuring your controller image pull policy

1. Log in to Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform.
2. Go to menu:Operators[Installed Operators].
3. Select your Ansible Automation Platform Operator deployment.
4. Select the Automation Controller tab.
5. For new instances, click btn:[Create AutomationController].
1. For existing instances, you can edit the YAML view by clicking the  &#8942; icon and then btn:[Edit AutomationController].
6. Click btn:[advanced Configuration].
Under Image Pull Policy, click on the radio button to select
* Always
* Never
* IfNotPresent
7. To display the option under Image Pull Secrets, click the arrow.
1. Click btn:[+] beside Add Image Pull Secret and enter a value.
8. To display fields under the Web container resource requirements drop-down list, click the arrow.
1. Under Limits, and Requests, enter values for CPU cores, Memory, and Storage.
9. To display fields under the Task container resource requirements drop-down list, click the arrow.
1. Under Limits, and Requests, enter values for CPU cores, Memory, and Storage.
10. To display fields under the EE Control Plane container resource requirements drop-down list, click the arrow.
1. Under Limits, and Requests, enter values for CPU cores, Memory, and Storage.
11. To display fields under the PostgreSQL init container resource requirements (when using a managed service) drop-down list, click the arrow.
1. Under Limits, and Requests, enter values for CPU cores, Memory, and Storage.
12. To display fields under the Redis container resource requirements drop-down list, click the arrow.
1. Under Limits, and Requests, enter values for CPU cores, Memory, and Storage.
13. To display fields under the PostgreSQL container resource requirements (when using a managed instance)* drop-down list, click the arrow.
1. Under Limits, and Requests, enter values for CPU cores, Memory, and Storage.
14. To display the PostgreSQL container storage requirements (when using a managed instance) drop-down list, click the arrow.
1. Under Limits, and Requests, enter values for CPU cores, Memory, and Storage.
15. Under Replicas, enter the number of instance replicas.
16. Under Remove used secrets on instance removal, select true or false. The default is false.
17. Under Preload instance with data upon creation, select true or false. The default is true.