# Sourcing from a Project

An inventory that is sourced from a project means that it uses the SCM type from the project it is tied to.
For example, if the project&#8217;s source is from GitHub, then the inventory uses the same source.

Use the following procedure to configure a project-sourced inventory:

1. From the navigation panel, select menu:Automation Execution[Infrastructure > Inventories].
2. Select the inventory name you want a source to and click the Sources tab.
3. Click btn:[Add source].
4. In the Add new source page, select Sourced from a Project from the Source list.
5. Enter the following details in the additional fields:
* Optional: Source Control Branch/Tag/Commit: Enter the SCM branch, tags, commit hashes, arbitrary refs, or revision number (if applicable) from the source control (Git or Subversion) to checkout.

This field only displays if the sourced project has the Allow Branch Override option checked. For further information, see SCM Types - Git and Subversion.



Some commit hashes and refs might not be available unless you also provide a custom refspec in the next field.
If left blank, the default is HEAD which is the last checked out Branch/Tag/Commit for this project.
* Optional: Credential: Specify the credential to use for this source.
* Project (required): Pre-populates with a default project, otherwise, specify the project this inventory is using as its source. Click the
 icon to choose from a list of projects.
If the list is extensive, use the search to narrow the options.
* Inventory File (required): Select an inventory file associated with the sourced project.
If not already populated, you can type it into the text field within the menu to filter extraneous file types.
In addition to a flat file inventory, you can point to a directory or an inventory script.


6. Optional: You can specify the verbosity, host filter, enabled variable/value, and update options as described in Adding a source.
7. Optional: To pass to the custom inventory script, you can set environment variables in the Source Variables field.
You can also place inventory scripts in source control and then run it from a project.
For more information, see Inventory File Importing in Configuring automation execution.


[NOTE]
----
If you are executing a custom inventory script from SCM, ensure that you set the execution bit (chmod +x) for the script in your upstream source control.
If you do not, automation controller throws a [Error 13] Permission denied error on execution.
----