# Configuring Microsoft Azure active directory authentication

To set up enterprise authentication for Microsoft Azure Active Directory (AD), you need to obtain an OAuth2 key and secret by registering your organization-owned application from Azure using the Quickstart: Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform.

Each key and secret must belong to a unique application and cannot be shared or reused between different authentication backends. To register the application, you must supply it with your webpage URL, which is the Callback URL shown in the Authenticator details for your authenticator configuration. See dDisplaying authenticator details for instructions on accessing this information.

1. From the navigation panel, select menu:Access Management[Authentication Methods].
2. Click btn:[Create authentication].
3. Select Azuread from the Authentication type list and click btn:[Next].
4. Enter a Name for this authentication configuration.
5. Click btn:[Edit], copy and paste Microsoft’s Application (Client) ID to the OIDC Key field.

Following instructions for registering your application with the Microsoft identity platform, supply the key (shown at one time only) to the client for authentication.
6. Copy and paste the secret key created for your Microsoft Azure AD application to the OIDC Secret field.
7. Optional: Enter any Additional Authenticator Fields that this authenticator can take. These fields are not validated and are passed directly back to the authenticator.

[NOTE]
----
Values defined in this field override the dedicated fields provided in the UI.
----
8. To automatically create organizations, users, and teams upon successful login, select Create objects.
9. To enable this authentication method upon creation, select Enabled.
10. To remove a user for any groups they were previously added to when they authenticate from this source, select Remove users.

Click btn:[Next].

To control which users are allowed into the Ansible Automation Platform server, and placed into Ansible Automation Platform organizations or teams based on their attributes (like username and email address) or to what groups they belong, continue to Mapping.

To verify that the authentication is configured correctly, log out of Ansible Automation Platform and check that the login screen displays the logo of your authentication chosen method to enable logging in with those credentials.

For application registering basics in Microsoft Azure AD, see the What is the Microsoft identity platform? overview.