# Automation Analytics

When you imported your license for the first time, you were given options related to the collection of data that powers Automation Analytics, a cloud service that is part of the Ansible Automation Platform subscription.


[IMPORTANT]
----
For opt-in of Automation Analytics to have any effect, your instance of automation controller must be running on Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
----

As with Red Hat Insights, Automation Analytics is built to collect the minimum amount of data needed.
No credential secrets, personal data, automation variables, or task output is gathered.

For more information, see Details of data collection.

To enable this feature, turn on data collection for Automation Analytics and enter your Red Hat customer credentials in the Miscellaneous System settings of the System configuration list of options in the Settings menu.



You can view the location to which the collection of insights data is uploaded in the Automation Analytics upload URL field on the Details page.



By default, the data is collected every four hours.
When you enable this feature, data is collected up to a month in arrears (or until the previous collection).
You can turn off this data collection at any time in the Miscellaneous System settings of the System configuration
window.

This setting can also be enabled through the API by specifying INSIGHTS_TRACKING_STATE = true in either of these endpoints:

* api/v2/settings/all
* api/v2/settings/system

The Automation Analytics generated from this data collection can be found on the Red Hat Cloud Services portal.



Clusters data is the default view.
This graph represents the number of job runs across all automation controller clusters over a period of time.
The previous example shows a span of a week in a stacked bar-style chart that is organized by the number of jobs that ran successfully (in green) and jobs that failed (in red).

Alternatively, you can select a single cluster to view its job status information.



This multi-line chart represents the number of job runs for a single automation controller cluster for a specified period of time.
The preceding example shows a span of a week, organized by the number of successfully running jobs (in green) and jobs that failed (in red).
You can specify the number of successful and failed job runs for a selected cluster over a span of one week, two weeks, and monthly increments.

On the clouds navigation panel, select menu:Organization Statistics[] to view information for the following:

* Use by organization
* Job runs by organization
* Organization status