# Creating a custom repository in automation hub

When you use Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform to create a repository, you can configure the repository to be private or hide it from search results.

1. Log in to automation hub.
2. From the navigation panel, select menu:MenuTopAC[Repositories].
3. Click btn:[Add repository].
4. Enter a Repository name.
5. In the Description field, describe the purpose of the repository.
6. To retain previous versions of your repository each time you make a change, select Retained number of versions. The number of retained versions can range anywhere between 0 and unlimited. To save all versions, leave this set to null.

[NOTE]
----
If you have a problem with a change to your custom repository, you can revert to a different repository version that you have retained.
----
7. In the Pipeline field, select a pipeline for the repository. This option defines who can publish a collection into the repository.
Staging:: Anyone is allowed to publish automation content into the repository.
Approved:: Collections added to this repository are required to go through the approval process by way of the staging repository. When auto approve is enabled, any collection uploaded to a staging repository is automatically promoted to all of the approved repositories.
None:: Any user with permissions on the repository can publish to the repository directly, and the repository is not part of the approval pipeline.
8. Optional: To hide the repository from search results, select Hide from search. This option is selected by default.
9. Optional: To make the repository private, select Make private. This hides the repository from anyone who does not have permissions to view the repository.
10. To sync the content from a remote repository into this repository, select Remote and select the remote that contains the collections you want included in your custom repository. For more information, see Repository sync.
11. Click btn:[Save].

* After the repository is created, the details page is displayed.

From here, you can provide access to your repository, review or add collections, and work with the saved versions of your custom repository.