# Setting up a rulebook activation

* You are logged in to the Ansible Automation Platform Dashboard as a Content Consumer.
* You have set up a project.
* You have set up a decision environment.

1. Log in to the Ansible Automation Platform.
2. Navigate to the menu:Automation Decisions[Rulebook Activations].
3. Click btn:[Create rulebook activation].
4. Insert the following:
Name:: Insert the name.
Description:: This field is optional.
Organization:: This field is optional.
Project:: Projects are a logical collection of rulebooks. This field is optional.
Rulebook:: Rulebooks are displayed according to the project selected.
Credential:: Select 0 or more credentials for this rulebook activation. This field is optional.

[NOTE]
----
The credentials that display in this field are customized based on your rulebook activation and only include the following credential types: Vault, Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform, or any custom credential types that you have created. For more information about credentials, see Setting up credentials for Event-Driven Ansible controller.
----
Decision environment:: Decision environments are a container image to run Ansible rulebooks.

[NOTE]
----
In Event-Driven Ansible controller, you cannot customize the pull policy of the decision environment.
By default, it follows the behavior of the always policy.
Every time an activation is started, the system tries to pull the most recent version of the image.
----
Restart policy:: This is the policy that determines how an activation should restart after the container process running the source plugin ends.
* Policies:
1. Always: This restarts the rulebook activation immediately, regardless of whether it ends successfully or not, and occurs no more than 5 times.
2. Never: This never restarts a rulebook activation when the container process ends.
3. On failure: This restarts the rulebook activation after 60 seconds by default, only when the container process fails, and occurs no more than 5 times.
Log level:: This field defines the severity and type of content in your logged events.
* Levels:
1. Error: Logs that contain error messages that are displayed in the History tab of an activation.
2. Info: Logs that contain useful information about rulebook activations, such as a success or failure, triggered action names and their related action events, and errors.
3. Debug: Logs that contain information that is only useful during the debug phase and might be of little value during production.
This log level includes both error and log level data.
Service name:: This defines a service name for Kubernetes to configure inbound connections if the activation exposes a port. This field is optional.
Rulebook activation enabled?:: This automatically enables the rulebook activation to run.
Variables:: The variables for the rulebook are in a JSON or YAML format.
The content would be equivalent to the file passed through the --vars flag of ansible-rulebook command.
Options:: Check the Skip audit events option if you do not want to see your events in the Rule Audit.
5. Click btn:[Create rulebook activation].

Your rulebook activation is now created and can be managed on the Rulebook Activations page.

After saving the new rulebook activation, the rulebook activation&#8217;s details page is displayed, with either a Pending, Running, or Failed status.
From there or the Rulebook Activations list view, you can restart or delete it.


[NOTE]
----
Occasionally, when a source plugin shuts down, it causes a rulebook to exit gracefully after a certain amount of time.
When a rulebook activation shuts down, any tasks that are waiting to be performed will be canceled, and an info level message is sent to the activation log.
For more information, see Rulebooks.
----