# Configuring Ansible extension settings

The Ansible extension supports multiple configuration options.

You can configure the settings for the extension on a user level, on a workspace level, or for a particular directory.
User-based settings are applied globally for any instance of VS Code that is opened.
Workspace settings are stored within your workspace and only apply when the current workspace is opened.

It is useful to configure settings for your workspace for the following reasons:

* If you define and maintain configurations specific to your playbook project,
you can customize your Ansible development environment for individual projects without altering your preferred setup for other work.
You can have different settings for a Python project, an Ansible project, and a C++ project, each optimized for the respective stack without the need to manually reconfigure settings each time you switch projects.
* If you include workspace settings when setting up version control for a project you want to share with your team, everyone uses the same configuration for that project.

1. Open the Ansible extension settings:
1. Click the 'Extensions' icon in the activity bar.
2. Select the Ansible extension, and click the 'gear' icon and then Extension Settings to display the extension settings.

Alternatively, click menu:Code[Settings&gt;Settings] to open the Settings page.
3. Enter Ansible in the search bar to display the settings for the extension.
2. Select the Workspace tab to configure your settings for the current VS Code workspace.
3. The Ansible extension settings are pre-populated.
Modify the settings to suit your requirements:
* Check the menu:Ansible[Validation > Lint: Enabled] box to enable ansible-lint.
* Check the Ansible Execution Environment: Enabled box to use an execution environment.
* Specify the execution environment image you want to use in the Ansible > Execution Environment: image field.
* To use Red Hat Ansible Lightspeed, check the Ansible > Lightspeed: Enabled box, and enter the URL for Lightspeed.

The settings are documented on the Ansible VS Code Extension by Red Hat page in the VisualStudio marketplace documentation.